doc: plugin register API's Enterprise Beta download parameter (#30986)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/plugins/register.mdx

Vault defaults to the manually registered plugin when you enable a new mount
with that name.

> Vault Enterprise v1.20.0 introduces the `download` **(BETA)** parameter to the
> plugin register API. Vault downloads the plugin binary from the
> [HashiCorp release page](https://releases.hashicorp.com/) when you set `download`
> to `true`. See [`download`](/vault/api-docs/system/plugins-catalog#download) for
> more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vault Enterprise v1.20.0 supports the `download` **(BETA)** parameter in the
plugin register API. You can set `dowload` to `true` when registering a plugin
to have Vault fetch the plugin binary from the
[HashiCorp release page](https://releases.hashicorp.com). Refer to the
[`plugins-catalog` API reference](/vault/api-docs/system/plugins-catalog#download)
for more details.
```
Style correction: use declarative language when providing instruction

Vault defaults to the manually registered plugin when you enable a new mount
with that name.

> Vault Enterprise v1.20.0 supports the `download` **(BETA)** parameter in the

Reviewer 2: I refer to https://github.com/hashicorp/vault/blob/2417aa9aad15b8ff57b35fb3b658d9bc913d4bd9/website/content/partials/alerts/beta.mdx#L3 for its meaning.
